# Incident: 2025-04-07 14-35-00

## Summary

Between the hour of 14:35 to 16:40 on 4/7/25, many users encountered an error with pizza's failing to purchase. The event was triggered by a failure to fulfill the order at factory, occuring at 14:35.
A bug in this code caused a breakdown of the pizza order system. The event was detected by Grafana's Alert System. The team started working on the event by 16:20. This severe incident affected 100% of users.

## Detection

This incident was detected when the Pizza Failure Alert was triggered and Grafana DevOps team were paged.

## Impact

For 2hrs 5m between 14:35 and 16:40 on 4/7/25, our users experienced this incident.

This incident affected 107 customers (ALL OF JWT PIZZA USERS), who experienced failure to complete order of pizza.

No support tickets or social media posts were submitted.

## Timeline

All times are UTC.

-14:35 - First cases of failures
-16:15 - Escalation until all pizzas were failing and alert was sent
-16:20 - Hecktomb200 begins analysis of error
-16:38 - Location of logs showing pizza factory outage and submission of report to factory
-16:40 - Functionality restored

## Response

After receiving a page at 16:15, hecktomb200 came online at 16:18 in Grafana.

## Root cause

The Pizza factory was failing to fulfill pizza orders, causing a complete breakdown for customers.

## Resolution

The situation was resolved by on-call team sending a report to pizza factory, fixing the issue.

## Prevention

No further incidents have occurred.

## Action items

To prevent further downtime in the future, the alert system has been updated to check if latency has stagnated, indicating that an error has occurred more quickly and alerting personnel on-call.
